hey guys how's it going i'm sydney from
funcom and welcome to this week's
episode of the dog pound the show that's
just as good as lebron is in the fourth
quarter that is this fix wallpaper is
brought to you by lil wayne robinson it
is a photo of the acura nsx he's been
requesting this for a while so i decided
to go with it if you have a suggestion
for wallpaper leave it as a comments
below and I may use it in next week's
show let's get started with the comments
the first comment is from Zae 249 who
said Sidney did you forget to take your
medication um no I do not take
medication unless you're referring to my
awesome pills which I take just to make
myself awesome at least that's what my
mom told me next up as a comment from
ladies man 2 million 176,000 468 gosh
there's a lot of ladies men on the
internet never thought I would hear
myself say that he said this show is
painful clearly you've never seen
transformers to watch that movie and
then get back to me here's a comment
from M yoski he said I'm not sure if I'm
more ashamed disappointed or just
humiliated that I accidentally clicked
this yeah accidentally sure whatever
helps you sleep at night buddy
accidentally I haven't heard an excuse
that bad since the last time I heard a
heat fan say the only reason they lost
in the finals last year is because
LeBron wasn't himself and didn't
dominate in the fourth quarter and I'm
like yeah hits the lack of a
championship no crap Sherlock lastly
here's a comment from Superman 8686 his
comment is phoneDog the movie i'm
guessing making a suggestion for a video
that we should do i decided to create a
little teaser trailer here it is
phoneDog the movie
it
yes i did use I movies new trailer
feature to create that video what you
think I'm some kind of Hollywood
producer yeah anyway and that's the show
thanks guys for watching I hope you
enjoyed it feel free leave a comment
below with a suggestion for wallpaper
and I may use it in next week's show
what other than that's keep on leaving
your funny random and we're two comments
and one of them could be featured it but
I will see you guys next week bye oh
this waste wallpaper oh I don't even
know who love Wayne Robinson that show
that God this microphone cord is like
all up in my shirt and it's it's rubbing
my tummy and it's like weird okay hmm
okay so you like to play blair left good